53. WAP to check whether a number is positive or negative. If Positive print positive
message or else print Negative Number.
54. WAP to check whether a number is even or odd. If even, print message an even or
else print message as odd.
55. Write a program to check whether a given number is greater than 10 or not. if it is
greater than 10 print message as greater or else print that number with not a greater
than.
56. WAP to check whether a given value is present in between 45 to 125. If value is
present print the ascii character.
57. WAP to check whether the given two input numbers are divisible by 3 and 5. If it is
divisible, print “Good Morning”, if it is not print “Good Evening”.
58. WAP to accept two integers and check whether they are equal or not.
If equal, multiply to value or quotation value and display it.
59. WAP to find the largest of two numbers.
60. WAP to check whether the input number is greater than 10 or not if it is greater than
10 print messages as greater with print that number. if that number is not greater
than 10 print that number.
61. WAP to the given number integer, if n is greater than 21,print the absolute
difference between n and 21 otherwise print twice the absolute difference.
62. WAP to find the smallest of two numbers.
63. WAP to check whether the given number is even or odd. If it is even then make it as
an add number, if it is an odd number then make it as even number.
64. WAP to check whether the given number is divisible by 3 or not if yes,print the
number or else print the cube of the numbers.
65. WAP to check whether the given input is divisible by 3 and 5. If yes print the actual
number or else print string of that number.
66. WAP to check whether the given number lies between 1 to 19, if it is true square that
number or else false cube that number and display the number.
67. WAP to check whether the student has passed or failed. If the student got more than
40 marks, print ‘PASS’ along with those marks, if it is not printed ‘FAIL’ along with
those marks.
68. WAP to check whether a given value is even and in range of 47 to 58 and not in 0 or
odd. if condition is True, to perform display the ascii character.or else to perform
floor division with 5 and display it.
69. WAP to check whether a given value is less than 125 and in between 47 to 125 or not.
if condition is True, to perform store the given value as key and value as a character
into the dict.or else to append the value in list and display it.
70. WAP to check whether a given character is in the alphabet or not. if alphabet,
display the alphabet with character.or else display the not alphabet with character.
71. WAP to check whether a given character is uppercase or other character. if
uppercase, display the uppercase with character.or else display the other character
with character.
72. WAP to check whether a given character is lowercase or other character. if
lowercase, display the lowercase with character.or else display the other character
with character.


73. WAP to check whether a given character is uppercase or other character. if
uppercase, convert to lowercase .or else display the ascii number.
74. WAP to check whether the given character is in lowercase or uppercase. If it is in
lowercase, convert it into uppercase, or else it is in uppercase and convert it into
lowercase. Display the value.
75. WAP to check whether the given string of the first character is a special symbol or
not. If a special symbol, to extract and display the middle character or else to
reverse the string and display the half of the string.
76. WAP to check whether the input character is a vowel or not. If it is vowel print
‘VOWEL’ along with that character, if it is not just print ‘CONSONANT’.
77. WAP to check whether a given character is a vowel or consonant. if vowel,to print
the next character of a given character or else print previous characters.
78. WAP to check whether a given string of first character is alphabet or not
if the alphabet prints, reverse the string or else print the middle character.
79. WAP to check whether the given input character is uppercase or lowercase. If the
input character is upper case convert into lower case and vice versa.
80. WAP to check whether a given string is less than 3 characters, to print the entire
string otherwise to print after third positions to the remaining string.
81. WAP to check whether a given length of the string is even or not. if even, to append
the new string called "bye" or else print the first and last characters.
82. WAP to check whether a given length of the string is odd or not. if odd, to append
the new string("Haii") from the starting of the given string, or else to avoid the
starting character and ending character of the given
string and to display the remaining characters.
83. WAP to check whether the last of the given string is a special character or not, if the
special character prints reverse the string except the last character or else to check
if the length of the string is odd or not, if odd to extract the middle character to the
end of the string.
84. WAP to check whether a given year is a leap year or not. if leap year, print leap year
or else not a leap year.
85. WAP to find out the greatest of two numbers and display the greatest number.if the
greatest number, display the greatest message with value.
86. WAP to check whether the given value is present inside the given collection or not.if
value is present, display the value is available or else the value is not present.
87. WAP whether a given string, if string length is more than 2, then it displays a new
string with the first and last characters switched, otherwise the display the 3 copies
of given string.
88. WAP to check whether a given value is a list and first and last values should be
integer,if condition is satisfied first value is true division by 3 and perform the
bitwise not for last value and those result values are stored in same positions in list
or else, to perform length of the collection power 2 and display it.
89. WAP to check whether a given value is a string or not and length of the value should
be more than 7, if condition is satisfied to append the new string in the middle of the
given string or else to perform the replications with 3 and display the result.
90. WAP to check if the given string of first and second character should be sequence or
not. if the sequence prints the first,second and last two characters, or else the first
half string is reversed and the remaining half string should be normal and display it.
91. WAP to check whether a given value is present inside the collection or not. If
present, print the value or else print value is not found.
92. WAP to check whether a given key is present in the dict or not. if key is present:
display the value or else add key and new value inside the dict.
93. WAP to check whether a given collection is set or not.if set, append the new value,
or else eliminate the duplicate values in collection. final results should be set type.
94. WAP to read the age of a candidate and determine whether it is eligible for his/her
own vote or not.it eligible print age and eligible messages or else print not eligible.
95. WAP to check whether a given value is even and in between 47 to 58 and not in 0 or
odd. if condition is True, to perform display the ascii character.or else to perform
floor division with 5 and display it.
96. WAP to check whether the given string is palindrome or not if it is a palindrome
string palindrome along with the string if it is not a palindrome print not palindrome
97. WAP to check whether a given number is palindrome or not. If palindrome, display
the given value as a palindrome or else not a palindrome.
98. WAP to check length of both string collections equal or not if both are equal print
the concat the two strings and display, or else if any one of the collection not equal
print both the collections with lengths
99. WAP to check whether both given values point to the same memory location or not.
if it is true print the middle item of the second collection, or else if it is false print the
first item and last item of the first collection along with the memory address.
100. WAP to check whether a given string collection is more than ten, and the first + last
character of the ascii values should be divisible by 5, if condition is satisfied print
first,middle,last characters ASCII values or else print the string three times.
101. WAP to check whether the middle of the item present in the list is string data type or
not if it is string print that list or else if it is not string then print that middle item.
102. WAP Given a string, return a new string where the first and last characters have
been exchanged.
103. Write a program to find out such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a
multiple of 5. Both the conditional are satisfied and print actual value. if one
condition is not satisfied actual number is multiply by 4 and print result
104. WAP to check whether two values are pointing to the same memory address or not.
If the same memory displays the address or else displays the two values addresses.
105. WAP to check whether a given input character is a special symbol or not if it is a
special symbol then print that character three times and tell print that character 5
times.
106. WAP to check length of both string collections equal or not if it is equal print the
connection of any one of the collections if it is not equal print both the collection.
107. WAP To check whether both input variables point to the same memory location or
not if it is true print the last item of the second collection, if it is false print the first
item of the first collection along with the memory address.
108. WAP to print the string collection five times when the length of the string collection
should be more than 3 and the middle character of the string should be vowel and
the first character ASCII value should be even, to print the previous character of
middle character, or else if ASCII value is odd then print the string three times as
print that string.
109. Ravi would like to buy a new cello or red pen. The cost of the pen should be 10. If
the pen is available in the shop, he will buy the pen. If it is not there he will come out
of the shop.
110. WAP to perform addition and subtraction operation by using list collection if the first
and middle data items number are even performing addition operation, or else
performing subtraction.
111. WAP to check whether the first item of these two lists is either integer or not. If
it is an integer, concatenate these two lists or else print the memory address of
these two lists.

